README.md, before:

# libera

[![Crate](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/libera.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/libera)
[![API](https://docs.rs/libera/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/libera/)
[![MSRV: 1.72.0](https://flat.badgen.net/badge/MSRV/1.72.0/purple)](https://releases.rs/docs/1.72.0/)

A collection of Rust libraries designed to provide easy-to-use solutions across
a varied range of fields and complementary needs.

Each library is designed to be simple, intuitive, and modular.

They are intentionally interrelated, in order to provide a cohesive set of tools
that work seamlessly together. This approach simplifies programming by reducing
technical and cognitive complexity, allowing developers to focus on creating.

## Liberaries 

Here’s a list overview of the current libraries:

- [`acolor`](https://crates.io/crates/acolor): color types and operations.
- [`depura`](https://crates.io/crates/depura): logging, debugging, benchmarks.
- [`devela`](https://crates.io/crates/devela): rust dev helpers & template.
- [`espera`](https://crates.io/crates/espera): time management solutions.
- [`fisica`](https://crates.io/crates/fisica): physics.
- [`ladata`](https://crates.io/crates/ladata): mixed & modular data structures.
- [`repite`](https://crates.io/crates/repite): loop rates & counters.

## Status

Libera’s libraries are currently in an experimental stage of development.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcomed to help refine and improve this library over time.
If you notice a bug, have an idea for a new feature, or simply want to suggest
improvements to the existing codebase, please don’t hesitate to get in touch.

Commit message:

release `v0.0.4`
- reexport the libraries: `acolor`, `depura`, `devela`, `espera`, `ladata`, `numera`, `textos`.
- refactor manifest.
- add categories.
- update readme.
- add changelog.

README.md, after:

# libera

[![Crate](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/libera.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/libera)
[![API](https://docs.rs/libera/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/libera/)
[![MSRV: 1.72.0](https://flat.badgen.net/badge/MSRV/1.72.0/purple)](https://releases.rs/docs/1.72.0/)

A suite of modular, multidisciplinary, mutually coherent libraries.

A collection of Rust libraries designed to provide easy-to-use solutions across
a varied range of fields and complementary needs.

They are intended to be a cohesive set of tools that work seamlessly together,
with a minimal amount of cognitive complexity.

## Libraries

Here’s a list overview of the current libraries, in alphabetic order.

- [`acolor`](https://crates.io/crates/acolor): color types and operations.
- [`depura`](https://crates.io/crates/depura): logging, debugging, benchmarks.
- [`devela`](https://crates.io/crates/devela): rust development extensions.
- [`espera`](https://crates.io/crates/espera): time, date, rates, loop control.
- [`ladata`](https://crates.io/crates/ladata): mixed & modular data structures.
- [`numera`](https://crates.io/crates/numera): numbers, operations, numerals.
- [`textos`](https://crates.io/crates/textos): strings, texts, unicode.

## Status

Libera’s libraries are currently in an experimental stage of development.

## License
This project is dual licensed under either [MIT](LICENSE-MIT)
or [Apache-2.0](LICENSE-APACHE) at your option.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcomed to help refine and improve this library over time.
If you notice a bug, have an idea for a new feature, or simply want to suggest
improvements to the existing codebase, please get in touch.

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in the work by shall be dual licensed as above,
without any additional terms or conditions.
